---
title: "Migrate existing pay as you go subscriptions to Enterprise Agreement"
date: 2018-05-24T22:13:56+02:00
draft: true
---

#Moving account

You can add the account which is associated with the pay as you go subscription to the Enterprise Agreement. This will move all the subscriptions under this accountand convert them to EA subscriptions.

If the existing account is moved with all its subscriptions to an EA Enrollment then there would no impact on the subscriptions service endpoint or Identity endpoint and RBAC role assignments are preserved. Its just a change on the billing endpoint wherein your subscription would be converted to Microsoft Azure Enterprise offer and billing would be tagged to EA rest everything would work as it is.

If you decide to add the account to EA and automatically convert all associated subscription to EA, follow below steps:
Associate an Existing Account

From the Enterprise Portal, click Manage

    1. Click the Account tab
    2. Click +Add an account
    3. Enter the Microsoft Account or Work or School Account associated with the existing account
    4. Confirm the Microsoft Account or Work or School Account associated with the existing account
    5. Provide a name you would like to use to identify this account in reporting
    6. Click Add
    7. You can add an additional account by selecting the + Add an Account option again, or return to the homepage by selecting the Admin button
    8. If you click to view the Account page, the newly added account will appear in a "Pending" status

Confirm Account Ownership

    1. Log into the email account associated to the Microsoft Account or Work or School Account you provided
    2. Open the email notification titled "Invitation to Activate your Account on the Microsoft Azure Service from Microsoft Volume Licensing"
    3. Click the Log into the Microsoft Azure Enterprise Portal link in the invitation
    4. Click Sign in
    5. Enter your Microsoft Account or Work or School Account and Password to login and confirm account ownership

#Moving only specific subscriptions

If you want to move only specific subscriptions from another account to an Enterprise Agreement you would have to work with Microsoft Support to complete the transfer.

Moving a specific subscription from Account X associated Tenant A to Account Y associated Tenant B which is under EA enrollment, then the role assignment would be lost, since in this scenario subscription is moving across to different tenants. However if Account X and Y both are under same Azure tenant then RBAC role assignment would not be lost, since the subscription is been moved under 2 different accounts under same tenant.

If you decide to move only specific subscriptions from  PAYG account to an Enterprise Agreement, contact Microsoft Support.